1. create some reasonably detailed scheme of an app architecture - which parts should
the application have, how they should be connected etc.
- Im not quite sure about this task as ive never worked as python app developer(if we dont cover data architecture), but I assume that the acrhitecture should
be made of ingestion of data processing and finaly data visualisation in our case it would be visualisation
in streamlit.

2. do a code review to solution from junior data scientist, discuss its pros & cons
- This is writen in book_rec_revision.py

3. write a code to download the data and improve its quality before it is used by the
recommendaton engine
- Had an isssue with Keggel module, but the download is in download_kaggle_data.py

4. build lightweight prototype of your application, where anyone can enter his/her - favourite book and the applicaton
returns a sorted list of recommended books - using the model output
5. voluntarily build a simple frontend for your applicaton (web page)
- For number 4 and 5 i builded streamlit_app.py

6. present us with your solution and discuss it o how you think about the soluton and
your ability to explain your approach o limitations of the approach, possible future
improvements
- I built a book recommendation system using Streamlite for the interface and Pandas for data processing.
 The system loads book and rating data, removes low-quality entries, and merges datasets to create a user-book rating
 pivot table. Recomendations are ensuring similar books are suggested based on user preferences which can be tricky.
 I also included functionality to handle user input errors by finding the closest matching book titles.
 I focused on user experience, data quality, and recommendations, with attention to handling common data issues like
 encoding and duplicates.
 There is possible tricky part as i mentioned before. For example it wont show books based on genre which is for some
 people crucial, not everbody who loves Lotr would be a fan of Jane Austen. So one of the possibilities would be add 10
 favourite books to create better picture of persons interest. Another possibility would be adding cover picture and so
 on to tune the app .